1--- When would you want to use a remote repository rather than keeping all your
work local?

Remote repositories are great if you're working from multiple computers, or if
you are working with other people.


2--- Why might you want to always pull changes manually rather than having Git
automatically stay up-to-date with your remote repository?

If Git automatically stayed up-to-date with the remote repository, it might cause
unexpected behavior if other people are pushing to the repository as well.


3--- Describe the differences between forks, clones, and branches. When would
you use one instead of another?

A clone is a copy of a repository, either from Github or locally. You would use
this if you want a copy of someone else's project from Github on your computer,
or a copy of your own project from your computer to elsewhere on your computer.
A fork is a special kind of clone: a copy of a repository from one Github account
to another. You would use this if you want to make changes to someone else's
project on Github but you don't have permission to change their repository. A
branch is a different version within a repository. You would use this if you are
making changes to a project that are experimental and not ready to be pushed to
the master branch.


4--- What is the benefit of having a copy of the last known state of the remote
stored locally?

You can get a copy of the most updated version of the remote without having to
merge it into your local copy. This can serve as a useful reference if you are
offline for a while.


5--- How would you collaborate without using Git or GitHub? What would be easier,
and what would be harder?

Collaborating without using Git or Github would involve manually sharing files
with all of the collaborators. It would be easier in some respects as you wouldn't
have to worry about committing or having a mental model of the current state of
the repository in your brain (with all of the pushes, pulls and merges). However,
it would be much harder if the project had more than a couple files or a couple
collaborators since you wouldn't have any software to help you track changes.
